adds a new post called setup your development enviroment (#21)
opensource-latinamerica/openinframx: content/news/how-to-set-your-development-enviroment/index.md

| [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)                                                                                    |                                         | Version Control System.                                               |
| [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/installation/)                                                                                 | **extended** version `0.97.0` or above. | The theme is built using this.                                        |
| [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and [NPM](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) | NODEJS `16` or above                    | used for installing CSS and JS dependencies, and building the assets. |
| [GO](https://go.dev/doc/install)                                                                                        | `1.12` or above                         | recommended to have when using Hugo                                   |

### Installation

> 1. clone the OpenInfraMX's [repository](https://github.com/opensource-latinamerica/openinframx)
> 
> ```bash
> git clone https://github.com/opensource-latinamerica/openinframx
> ```
> 
> 2. Add the necessary submodules to your
> 
> ```bash
> git submodule init
> git submodule update
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. clone the OpenInfraMX's [repository](https://github.com/opensource-latinamerica/openinframx) and its submodules

```bash
git clone --recurse-submodules --depth 1 https://github.com/opensource-latinamerica/openinframx
```
```
